"Good activities. Smaller good activities we should enjoy. Appreciate the good and increase
our joy in devotion. Or may I have to do even more than what I did in one country. Highlight
of those things. So therefore, again, this is all the teachings of the Karma for a short
time. For example, here, here, and one or another, and all that. And then again, all
these upgrade great master mentioned about the Karma, then again he highlight of this
impermanent, that life is precious, life is impermanent, and it is important that we should
really accept full advantage of this life. While we have the opportunity, everything
in our favor, and we should make this beautiful. And then life is, so even though there's so
many chores, many things to do that, and we always think, oh, I have to do this, chores,
I have to do that, after that, I'm going to do this. But that, so many people had those
thoughts and couldn't do anything for themselves and have to leave suddenly. And that could
happen to us too. So therefore, time is precious, situation is precious, be practical, be wise,
and do good, good things. And every, this is again, in his great master said, and Buddha
said to you in the teaching, I mean, Buddha had to say, thinking of the impermanent is
so important. It makes ourself, as I said many times, it makes our heart soft and more practical.
We can take really more desperation lives, more nice way, so won't spoil. Here, great
master said, at least think three times that everything is impermanent. My father used,
I think I told you that, he put small kind of writing, writing his own head, writing,
put it right on the, on the surface of his chest board. He have small, I think, not small,
it's a big chest ball, right? Covered, covered, you put that, he glued there, he glued there,
life is impermanent, don't waste, trying to not waste, I mean, don't waste, he really
wrote that. And great master here said, at least think of this impermanent three times
a day, three times a day. If you think three times a day, it makes soft and hard, as he
said many times, it makes more practical. And that is really teaching us on the impermanent
and causing the inevitable, as well as samsara as poor trouble. And this is then the poor
renounce session. So highlight this condensed way, this is the teaching on the poor renounce
session, all poor kind that reverse the mind, our mind from the attack. And this is also
one way we're doing this is a very organic way, what we're doing, we're detoxicating.
We're detoxicating our attachment, our grasping, very organic way, so that we can prepare next
to our session. So that really goes deeper and more powerful to change our life and our
practice and good things. So that is my britos, it's already 12 and now I told you that maybe
you have some questions, maybe you'll discuss. Or if you'd like to hold back that tomorrow.